{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761\n\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}\n{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}\n{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}\n\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0\n\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\n\f0\fs24 \cf0 Transcript\n\n0:02\
Once upon a time, a father was about to\
leave for an evening bishopric meeting.\
0:07\
His four-year-old daughter stepped\
in front of him wearing pajamas\
0:12\
and holding a copy of Book\
of Mormon Stories.\
0:16\
“Why do you have to go to\
a meeting?” she asked.\
0:20\
“Because I’m a counselor in the\
bishopric,” he answered.\
0:24\
“But you’re my dad,” his daughter\
protested. He knelt in front of her.\
0:28\
“Sweetheart,” he said, “I know\
you want me to read\
0:32\
to you and help you go to sleep.\
0:36\
But tonight I need to help the bishop.”\
0:38\
His daughter replied, “Doesn’t\
the bishop have\
0:42\
a dad to help him go to sleep?”\
0:47\
We are eternally grateful for\
0:49\
the countless members who\
serve diligently in\
0:53\
the Church of Jesus Christ every day.\
0:56\
Your sacrifice is truly sacred, but\
as this girl seemed to understand,\
1:04\
there is something equally sacred,\
1:07\
something irreplaceable, about\
a parent nurturing a child.\
1:13\
It reflects the pattern of heaven.\
1:16\
Our Father in Heaven, our Divine Parent,\
1:19\
surely rejoices when His children are\
taught and nurtured by their parents\
1:25\
on Earth. Parents, thank you\
1:27\
for everything you are doing\
to raise your children,\
1:31\
to raise your children. And children,\
1:34\
thank you for everything you are\
doing to raise your parents.\
1:38\
Because as every parent knows,\
1:41\
we often learn as much from\
our children about faith,\
1:46\
hope, and charity as they learn from us.\
1:51\
Have you ever thought about\
1:52\
the tremendous risk our Father in\
Heaven takes each time He sends\
1:57\
a child to Earth? These are His\
spirit sons and daughters.\
2:03\
They have limitless potential.\
2:05\
They are destined to become glorious\
beings of goodness, grace, and truth.\
2:11\
And yet they come to Earth\
completely helpless,\
2:16\
barely able to do anything\
besides cry for help.\
2:21\
The memory of their time in\
God’s presence is veiled over,\
2:26\
along with the knowledge of who they\
really are and who they can become.\
2:32\
They form their understanding\
of life, love,\
2:38\
God, and His plan based on what they\
observe from the people around them,\
2:44\
especially their parents,\
2:47\
who honestly are still trying to figure\
things out for themselves.\
2:52\
God has given parents the “sacred duty\
to rear their children in love\
2:57\
and righteousness, to provide for their\
physical and spiritual needs,\
3:02\
and to teach them to ... observe\
the commandments of God.”\
3:07\
That's enough to keep even the\
best parents awake at night.\
3:11\
My message to all parents is this: The\
Lord loves you. He is with you. He\
3:20\
stands beside you. He is your strength\
in guiding your children to make\
3:26\
righteous choices. Accept this privilege\
and responsibility courageously\
3:33\
and joyfully. Don't delegate this source\
of heavenly blessings to anyone\
3:39\
else. Within the framework of gospel\
values and principles,\
3:44\
you are the ones to guide your child\
in the details of daily decisions.\
3:51\
Help your child build faith in Jesus\
Christ, to love His gospel\
3:54\
and His church, to prepare for a\
lifetime of righteous choices.\
3:59\
In fact, that is God's plan for parents.\
4:04\
Satan will oppose you, distract you,\
try to discourage you.\
4:10\
But every child has received the light\
of Christ as a direct line to heaven,\
4:18\
and the Savior will help you, guide you,\
and encourage you. Seek His help.\
4:24\
Inquire of the Lord! Just as Jesus\
Christ is the strength of youth,\
4:31\
Jesus Christ is also the\
strength of parents.\
4:36\
Sometimes we might wonder if someone\
else might be better qualified to guide\
4:41\
and teach our children. But no matter\
how inadequate you may feel,\
4:46\
you have something that uniquely\
qualifies you—your love for your child.\
4:55\
A parent's love for a child is one of\
the strongest forces in the universe.\
5:00\
It’s one of a few things on this\
Earth that can truly be eternal.\
5:05\
Now, perhaps you feel that your\
relationship with your child is less\
5:09\
than ideal. That's where the\
Savior's power comes in.\
5:15\
He heals the sick, and He\
can heal relationships.\
5:21\
He multiplies bread and fish,\
5:23\
and He can multiply the love\
and the joy in your home.\
5:27\
Your love for your children creates a\
rich environment for teaching truth\
5:33\
and building faith. Make your home a\
house of prayer, learning, and faith—\
5:39\
a house of joyful experiences, a place\
of belonging, a house of God.\
5:46\
And “pray unto the Father with\
all the energy of heart.\
5:50\
that [you] may be filled with [His] love\
which he [bestows] upon ... followers of\
5:56\
his Son, Jesus Christ.” Another strength\
you have as a parent is the opportunity\
6:03\
for daily ongoing influence.\
6:06\
Peers, teachers, and media\
influencers come and go,\
6:10\
but you can be the most constant, steady\
influence in your child’s life.\
6:17\
Your efforts may seem small compared to\
6:20\
the loud voices your children\
hear in the world.\
6:22\
At times it may feel that you\
are not accomplishing much.\
6:27\
But remember that “by small means the\
Lord [can] bring about great things.”\
6:34\
One home evening, one\
gospel conversation,\
6:37\
or one good example may not\
change your child’s life\
6:41\
in a moment any more than\
one drop of rain causes\
6:46\
a plant immediately to grow.\
6:48\
But the consistency of small and\
simple things day after day,\
6:54\
nourishes your children much better\
than an occasional flood.\
6:59\
That is the Lord's way. He speaks\
to you and your child with\
7:03\
a still small voice, not\
a voice of thunder.\
7:07\
He healed Naaman not through “some great\
thing,” but through the simple,\
7:12\
repeated act of washing. The\
children of Israel enjoyed\
7:17\
the feast of quail in the wilderness,\
7:20\
but what kept them alive was the small\
and simple miracle of manna—\
7:27\
their daily bread. Brothers and sisters,\
7:30\
daily bread is best prepared\
and served at home.\
7:35\
Faith and testimony are best fostered\
in normal and natural ways,\
7:40\
one bite at a time, in small\
and simple moments in\
7:43\
the constant flow of daily living. Every\
moment is a teaching moment.\
7:51\
Every word and action can be\
a guide for making choices.\
7:56\
You may not see the immediate effects\
of your efforts, but don't give up.\
8:01\
“All things must come to\
pass in their time,”\
8:05\
The Lord said. “Wherefore, be\
not weary in well doing,\
8:11\
for [you] are laying the foundation\
of a great work.”\
8:15\
What work could be greater than helping\
God's precious children learn who\
8:20\
they really are and build their\
faith in Jesus Christ,\
8:25\
His gospel, and His church?\
8:29\
Jesus Christ will bless and magnify\
your consistent efforts.\
8:35\
Another powerful way the Lord supports\
parents is through the gift\
8:41\
of personal revelation. God is eager to\
pour out His Spirit to guide parents.\
8:47\
As you are prayerful and\
sensitive to the Spirit,\
8:50\
He will warn you of hidden dangers.\
8:54\
He will reveal your children’s gifts,\
their strengths, and unspoken concerns.\
9:02\
God will help you see your\
children as He sees them—\
9:08\
beyond their outward appearance\
and into their hearts.\
9:13\
With God's help, you can learn to\
know your children in a pure\
9:18\
and heavenly way. I invite you to accept\
God's offer to guide your family\
9:23\
by personal revelation. Seek His\
guidance in your prayers.\
9:29\
Perhaps the most important help Jesus\
Christ offers to parents is\
9:34\
the mighty change of heart. It’s a\
miracle every one of us needs.\
9:42\
Now, for a moment, imagine\
this situation.\
9:45\
You are at church listening\
to a talk about families.\
9:48\
The speaker describes a perfect home\
and an even more perfect family.\
9:54\
Husband and wife never quarrel.\
9:56\
Children only stop reading their\
scriptures when it's time to do\
9:59\
homework. And the music of “Love\
One Another” is playing in\
10:03\
the background. Before\
the speaker gets to\
10:07\
the part about everyone joining in\
to cheerfully clean the bathroom,\
10:14\
you are already thinking\
“My family is hopeless.”\
10:20\
Now, my dear brothers\
and sisters, relax.\
10:23\
Everyone in the congregation\
is thinking the same thing.\
10:27\
The fact is, all parents worry\
about being not good enough.\
10:33\
Fortunately, there is a divine source of\
help for parents. It is Jesus Christ.\
10:42\
He is the source of our mighty\
change of heart.\
10:48\
As you open your heart to the\
Savior and His teachings,\
10:52\
He will show you your weakness.\
10:55\
If you trust Jesus Christ\
with a humble heart,\
10:57\
He will make weak things become strong.\
He is the God of miracles.\
11:04\
Does that mean you and your family\
will be picture perfect? No.\
11:09\
But you will get better. Through\
the Savior’s grace,\
11:13\
little by little, you’ll develop more\
of the attributes parents need:\
11:20\
love for God and His children,\
11:22\
patience, selflessness, faith in Christ,\
and courage to make righteous choices.\
11:31\
Our effort to build faith in Jesus\
Christ is home-centered,\
11:36\
focused on the individual, and\
it is Church-supported.\
11:41\
Besides the sacred scriptures\
and the words of prophets,\
11:44\
the Savior's Church offers many\
resources to help parents\
11:49\
and children make righteous choices.\
11:52\
“For the Strength of Youth: A Guide for\
Making Choices” does not give you\
11:56\
a list of dos or don'ts. It teaches\
eternal truths to help make choices\
12:03\
centered on the life and teachings\
of Jesus Christ.\
12:08\
Read it with your children.\
Let them talk about it.\
12:11\
Help them to have these eternal and\
divine truths guide their choices.\
12:18\
FSY conferences are another\
wonderful resource.\
12:21\
I hope every youth will attend.\
12:24\
I invite young single adults to join\
these conferences as mentors\
12:28\
and counselors. I invite\
parents to build on\
12:33\
the spiritual momentum their youth bring\
home from FSY conferences.\
12:39\
Children and youth in The Church of\
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints have\
12:44\
teachers, advisers, and mentors.\
12:48\
Often you enter a young person's life\
at a crucial moment to build\
12:55\
and support faith and testimony.\
Some of you are single adults.\
13:00\
Some never had children of\
your own. Your joyful\
13:04\
service to God’s children\
is sacred in God’s eyes.\
13:09\
My dear friends, my dear\
brothers and sisters,\
13:13\
Building faith in a child is somewhat\
like helping a flower grow.\
13:18\
You cannot tug on the stem\
to make it taller.\
13:21\
You cannot pry open the bud to\
get it to blossom sooner,\
13:25\
and you cannot neglect the flower\
and expect it to grow\
13:29\
or flourish spontaneously.\
13:33\
What you can and must do for the rising\
generation is provide rich,\
13:39\
nourishing soil with access\
to flowing heavenly water.\
13:45\
Remove weeds and anything that would\
block heavenly sunlight.\
13:52\
Create the best possible\
conditions for growth.\
13:58\
Patiently allow the rising generation\
to make inspired choices\
14:05\
and let God work His miracle.\
14:09\
The result will be more beautiful\
and more stunning\
14:12\
and more joyful than anything you could\
accomplish just by yourself.\
14:18\
In Heavenly Father’s plan, family\
relationships are meant to be eternal.\
14:24\
This is why, as a parent,\
you never give up,\
14:28\
even if you are not proud of how things\
went in the past. With Jesus Christ,\
14:34\
the Master Healer and Savior, there\
can always be a new beginning.\
14:38\
He always gives hope. Jesus Christ\
is the strength of families.\
14:45\
Jesus Christ is the strength of youth.\
14:48\
And Jesus Christ is the\
strength of parents.\
14:53\
Of this I testify in the\
name of Jesus Christ, amen.\
}