{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761\n\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}\n{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}\n{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}\n\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0\n\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\n\f0\fs24 \cf0 Transcript\n\n0:02\
Several years ago, Sister Nattress\
and I moved to Idaho,\
0:06\
where we opened a new business.\
0:08\
There were long days and\
nights at the office.\
0:11\
Thankfully, we lived just a\
few blocks away from work.\
0:15\
Each week, Shauna and our three\
daughters, all under the age of six,\
0:20\
would come to the office to\
share lunch together.\
0:24\
On one such day after our family lunch,\
0:27\
I noticed that our five-year-old\
daughter Michelle had left me\
0:31\
a personal message written\
on a Post-it note\
0:35\
and attached to my office telephone.\
It simply read: “Dad,\
0:44\
remember to love me.\
0:48\
Love Michelle.” This was\
a powerful reminder to\
0:53\
a young father about those\
things that matter most.\
0:59\
Brothers and sisters, I testify that our\
Heavenly Father always remembers\
1:05\
us and that He loves us perfectly.\
My question is this:\
1:12\
Do we remember Him and do we love Him?\
1:16\
Years ago, I served as a\
local Church leader.\
1:20\
One of our young men, Danny, was\
outstanding in every way.\
1:24\
He was obedient, kind, good,\
and had a great heart.\
1:28\
However, when he graduated\
from high school,\
1:31\
he started to associate\
with a rough crowd.\
1:35\
He got involved in drugs, specifically\
methamphetamine,\
1:39\
and traveled down the slippery slope\
of addiction and destruction.\
1:44\
Before long, his appearance completely\
changed. He was hardly recognizable.\
1:51\
The most significant change\
was in his eyes.\
1:55\
The light in his eyes had dimmed.\
1:59\
Several times I reached out to him, but\
to no avail. He wasn't interested.\
2:05\
It was difficult to see this incredible\
young man suffer and live\
2:11\
a life that just was not him. He\
was capable of so much more.\
2:16\
Then one day, his miracle began.\
2:20\
He attended a sacrament meeting where\
his younger brother shared his\
2:24\
testimony prior to departing\
for a mission.\
2:27\
During the meeting, Danny felt\
something he had not felt for\
2:32\
a long time. He felt the love of\
the Lord. He finally had hope.\
2:39\
Although he had a desire to change,\
it was difficult for Danny.\
2:43\
His addictions and the accompanying\
guilt were almost more than he could\
2:48\
bear. One particular afternoon, when\
I was out mowing our lawn.\
2:52\
Danny pulled up in his car unannounced.\
He was struggling terribly.\
2:58\
I turned off the mower, and we sat down\
together in the shade of the of\
3:04\
the front porch step. It was then that\
he shared the feelings of his heart.\
3:10\
He truly wanted to come back.\
3:12\
However, turning away\
from his addictions\
3:16\
and lifestyle was extremely difficult.\
3:18\
Adding to this, he felt so guilty, so\
ashamed for falling so far. He asked,\
3:28\
“Can I really be forgiven? Is\
there really a way back?”\
3:34\
After he poured out his heart\
with these concerns,\
3:38\
we read Alma chapter 36 together. “Yea,\
3:43\
I did remember all my\
sins and iniquities. ...\
3:46\
Yea, ... the very thought of coming into\
3:49\
the presence of my God did wrack my\
soul with inexpressible horror.”\
3:54\
After those verses, Danny said,\
“This is exactly how I feel!′\
4:00\
We continued. “While I was harrowed up\
by the memory of my many sins,\
4:06\
behold, I remembered also to have\
heard my father prophesy unto\
4:10\
the people concerning the coming\
of one Jesus Christ,\
4:16\
a Son of God to atone for\
the sins of the world. ...\
4:22\
And oh, what joy, and what\
marvelous light I did\
4:25\
behold.” As we read these passages,\
tears began to flow.\
4:33\
Alma’s joy was the joy he\
had been searching for!\
4:37\
We discussed that Alma had been\
exceptionally wicked.\
4:40\
However, once he repented,\
he never looked back.\
4:45\
He became a devoted disciple of Jesus\
Christ. He became a prophet.\
4:51\
Danny’s eyes widened. “A prophet?”\
he said. I simply responded,\
4:57\
“Yes, a prophet. No pressure on you.”\
5:02\
We discussed that while his sins did\
not rise to the level of Alma's,\
5:05\
the same promise of complete\
5:07\
and perfect forgiveness is made\
to everyone in and through\
5:11\
the infinite Atonement of Jesus Christ.\
Danny now understood.\
5:17\
He knew what he needed to do.\
5:19\
He needed to begin his journey\
by trusting in the Lord\
5:24\
and forgiving himself. Danny's mighty\
change of heart was nothing short of\
5:29\
a miracle. Over time, his\
countenance changed and\
5:33\
the brightness in his eyes returned.\
He became temple worthy.\
5:38\
He was finally back. After\
several months,\
5:43\
I asked Danny if he would like to\
submit an application to serve\
5:45\
a full-time mission. His response\
was one of shock and awe.\
5:50\
He said, “I would love\
to serve a mission.\
5:53\
But you know where I've been and\
the things that I've done.\
5:57\
I thought I was disqualified.” I\
responded, “You may be right.\
6:03\
However, there is nothing precluding\
us from making a request.\
6:07\
If you are excused, at least you will\
know that you expressed\
6:11\
a sincere desire to serve the Lord.”\
His eyes lit up.\
6:15\
He was thrilled with this idea.\
6:18\
To him, this was a long shot, but it was\
a chance he was willing to take.\
6:24\
A few weeks later, and to his amazement,\
another miracle occurred.\
6:34\
Danny received a call to serve\
a full-time mission.\
6:43\
A few months after Danny arrived\
in the mission field,\
6:47\
I received a telephone call.\
6:49\
His president simply said, “What\
is it with this young man?\
7:00\
He is the most incredible missionary\
I have ever seen.”\
7:07\
You see,\
7:08\
this president had received a modern-\
day Alma the younger.\
7:13\
Two years later, Danny returned\
home with honor,\
7:17\
having served the Lord with all his\
“heart, might, mind, and strength.”\
7:21\
Following his missionary report\
in sacrament meeting,\
7:24\
I returned home only to hear\
a knock at the front door.\
7:29\
There stood Danny with tears\
welling in his eyes.\
7:33\
He said, “Can we talk for a minute?” We\
went outside to the same porch step.\
7:40\
He said, “President, do you think\
I have truly been forgiven?”\
7:49\
Now my tears accompanied\
his. Before me stood\
7:55\
a devoted disciple of Jesus Christ,\
7:57\
who had given his all to teaching\
and testifying about the Savior.\
8:02\
He was the embodiment of the healing\
and strengthening power of\
8:06\
the Savior’s Atonement. I said, “Danny,\
have you looked in the mirror?\
8:12\
Have you seen your eyes? They\
are filled with light\
8:16\
and you are beaming with\
the Spirit of the Lord.\
8:19\
Of course you've been forgiven.\
You are amazing.\
8:24\
Now what you need to do is move forward\
with your life. Don't look back.\
8:30\
Look forward with faith\
to the next ordinance.”\
8:34\
Well, Danny's miracle continues today.\
8:37\
He married in the temple and returned\
to school where he received\
8:41\
a master's degree. He has become\
an incredible husband and\
8:45\
a faithful father. He is a devoted\
disciple of Jesus Christ.\
8:52\
President Russell M. Nelson taught,\
“Without the Savior’s infinite\
8:57\
Atonement, all mankind\
would be irretrievably lost.”\
9:02\
Danny wasn’t lost, and neither are we\
9:05\
to the Lord. He stands at\
the door to lift us,\
9:09\
to strengthen us, and to forgive us.\
He always remembers to love us.\
9:16\
An incredible demonstration\
of the Savior's love\
9:20\
for God’s children is recorded\
in the Book of Mormon:\
9:24\
“When Jesus had thus spoken,\
9:27\
he cast his eyes round about again\
on the multitude and beheld\
9:32\
they were in tears, and did\
look steadfastly upon him\
9:36\
as if they would ask him to tarry\
a little longer with them.”\
9:42\
The Savior had already spent a full\
day ministering to the people,\
9:46\
yet He had more to do. He was\
to visit His other sheep.\
9:52\
He was to go to His Father.\
9:55\
Notwithstanding these obligations,\
9:58\
He discerned that the people desired\
for Him to tarry a little longer.\
10:03\
Then, with the Savior's heart\
full of compassion,\
10:08\
one of the greatest miracles in the\
history of the world occurred.\
10:14\
He stayed. He blessed them. He\
ministered to their children one by one.\
10:22\
He prayed for them. He wept with\
them, and He healed them.\
10:29\
His promise is eternal; He will heal\
us. To those who have strayed from\
10:35\
the covenant path, please know\
there is always hope.\
10:40\
There is always healing and there\
is always a way back.\
10:45\
His eternal message of hope is the\
healing balm for all who live in\
10:49\
a troubled world. The Savior said, “I\
am the way, the truth, and the life.”\
10:55\
Brothers and sisters, let us remember\
to seek Him, to love Him,\
11:00\
and to always remember Him. I testify\
that God lives and that He loves us.\
11:06\
I further testify that Jesus Christ is\
the Savior and Redeemer of the world.\
11:12\
He is the mighty healer. I know\
that my Redeemer lives.\
11:18\
In the name of Jesus Christ, amen.\
}