{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761\n\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}\n{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}\n{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}\n\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0\n\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\n\f0\fs24 \cf0 Transcript\n\n0:02\
Brothers and sisters, five\
years ago today,\
0:05\
we raised our hand to sustain\
our beloved prophet,\
0:09\
President Russell M. Nelson\
as the President of\
0:13\
The Church of Jesus Christ\
of Latter-day Saints,\
0:16\
the Lord’s mouthpiece for this\
remarkable season of growth\
0:20\
and revelation. Through him,\
0:23\
we have received countless invitations\
0:26\
and promised blessings if we will\
center our lives on our Savior,\
0:31\
Jesus Christ. In 2011, while I\
was serving with my husband\
0:36\
as mission leaders in beautiful\
Curitiba, Brazil,\
0:40\
my phone rang during a meeting.\
0:42\
Rushing to silence it, I noticed\
the call was from my father.\
0:47\
I quickly left the meeting\
to answer. “Hi, Dad.”\
0:52\
Unexpectedly, his voice was filled\
with emotion. “Hi, Bonnie.\
0:57\
I need to tell you something. I’ve\
been diagnosed with ALS.”\
1:02\
My mind swirled with confusion. “Wait,\
what is ALS?” Dad was already\
1:08\
explaining, “My mind will stay alert\
while my body slowly shuts down.”\
1:15\
I felt my whole world shift\
as I began to wrestle with\
1:19\
the implications of this grievous news.\
1:21\
But on that unforgettable day,\
1:23\
it was his last sentence that found\
a permanent place in my heart.\
1:28\
My dear father said with urgency.\
“Bonnie,\
1:31\
never give up an opportunity\
to testify of Christ.”\
1:37\
I have pondered and prayed\
over Dad's counsel.\
1:40\
I've often asked myself if I fully know\
what it means to never give up\
1:44\
an opportunity to testify of Christ.\
1:47\
Like you, I have occasionally stood at\
the first Sunday of the month and bore\
1:52\
a witness of Christ. Many times I've\
testified of gospel truths as part of\
1:57\
a lesson. I've boldly taught truth and\
declared the divinity of Christ\
2:02\
as a missionary. Yet this\
plea felt more personal.\
2:08\
It seemed as though he\
was saying, “Bonnie,\
2:11\
don't let the world overtake you. Stay\
true to your covenants with the Savior.\
2:16\
Seek to experience His blessings every\
day and be able to testify through\
2:22\
the Holy Ghost of His power\
and presence in your life.”\
2:27\
We live in a fallen world\
with distractions\
2:30\
coaxing our eyes and hearts downward\
instead of heavenward.\
2:34\
Much like the Nephites in 3 Nephi 11,\
we need Jesus Christ.\
2:40\
Can you imagine yourself there among\
people who had experienced\
2:45\
so much chaos and destruction?\
2:47\
What would it have been like to hear\
the Lord’s personal invitation, “Arise\
2:53\
and come forth unto me, that you may\
thrust your hands into my side,\
2:59\
and also that you may feel the prints of\
the nails in my hands and in my feet,\
3:03\
that ye may know that I am ... the God\
of the whole earth, and have been slain\
3:09\
for the sins of the world. [And]\
3:10\
the multitude went forth ... one by\
one ... and did see with their eyes and\
3:16\
did feel with their hands, and did know\
... and had witnessed for themselves.”\
3:22\
These Nephites eagerly went forward to\
thrust their hands into His side\
3:27\
and to feel the prints of the nails\
in His feet so they could witness\
3:31\
for themselves that this was the Christ.\
3:35\
Similarly, many faithful people\
we have studied in\
3:39\
the New Testament this year had\
anxiously awaited Christ's coming.\
3:44\
Then they stepped from their fields,\
3:46\
workbenches, and dinner tables\
and followed Him,\
3:49\
pressed upon Him, and thronged\
Him, and sat with Him.\
3:55\
Are we as anxious to witness for\
ourselves as the multitudes in\
3:59\
the scriptures? Are the blessings\
we seek less needful than theirs?\
4:05\
When Christ physically visited\
the Nephites at their temple,\
4:09\
His invitation was not to stand at\
a distance and look upon Him,\
4:15\
but to touch Him, to feel for\
themselves the reality of\
4:19\
the Savior of humankind. How can\
we draw close enough to gain\
4:23\
a personal witness of Jesus Christ?\
4:26\
This may be part of what my father\
was trying to teach me.\
4:30\
While we may not enjoy the\
same physical proximity\
4:33\
as those who walked with Christ during\
His earthly ministry, through\
4:38\
the Holy Ghost we can experience His\
power every day! As much as we need!\
4:47\
The young women around the world have\
taught me so much about seeking Christ\
4:52\
and gaining a daily personal\
witness of Him.\
4:57\
Let me share the wisdom of two of them.\
5:00\
Livvy had watched general conference\
her entire life.\
5:05\
In fact, in her home, they traditionally\
watch all five sessions\
5:10\
as a family. In the past,\
5:13\
conference for Livvy had meant\
doodling or drifting into\
5:17\
the occasional unintended nap.\
5:19\
But this October general conference\
was different. It became personal.\
5:25\
This time, Livvy decided to\
be an active recipient.\
5:29\
She silenced notifications on her phone\
and took notes of impressions from\
5:34\
the Spirit. She was amazed as she felt\
specific things God wanted her to hear\
5:40\
and do. This decision made\
5:42\
a difference in her life\
almost immediately.\
5:45\
Just days later, her friends invited\
her to an inappropriate movie.\
5:49\
She reflected, “I felt the words and\
5:52\
the spirit of conference\
return into my heart.\
5:55\
And I heard myself declining\
their invitation.”\
5:59\
She also had the courage to share her\
testimony of the Savior in her ward.\
6:03\
After these events, she stated,\
“The amazing thing is,\
6:07\
when I heard myself testify\
that Jesus is the Christ,\
6:11\
I felt the Holy Ghost confirm\
it again for me.”\
6:14\
Livvy did not skip like a stone over\
the surface of conference weekend.\
6:19\
No, she dove in, mind and spirit,\
and found the Savior there.\
6:24\
And then there’s Maddy. When her\
family stopped attending church,\
6:28\
Maddy was confused and not\
certain what to do.\
6:31\
She realized something significant\
was missing.\
6:34\
So at the age of 13, Maddy began\
attending church alone.\
6:39\
Even though being alone was sometimes\
hard and uncomfortable,\
6:42\
she knew she could find\
the Savior at church,\
6:45\
and she wanted to be where He was.\
6:47\
She said, “In church, my soul\
felt like it was at home.”\
6:52\
Maddy held on to the fact that her\
family had been sealed together\
6:56\
for eternity. She started bringing her\
younger brothers with her to church\
7:01\
and studying scriptures\
with them at home.\
7:03\
Eventually, her mom began joining them.\
7:06\
Maddy told her mom of her\
desire to serve a mission\
7:10\
and asked if her mom could be ready\
to attend the temple with her.\
7:14\
Today, Maddy is in the MTC. She’s\
serving. She’s witnessing of Christ.\
7:19\
She is... She’s an example.\
7:22\
Her example has helped lead both\
her parents back to the temple and\
7:26\
back to Christ. Like Livvy and Maddy,\
as we choose to seek Christ\
7:32\
the Spirit will witness of Him\
in many different situations.\
7:36\
These witnesses of the Spirit\
occur as we fast, pray, wait,\
7:41\
and continue forward. Our closeness\
to Christ grows through worshiping\
7:46\
frequently in the temple, repenting\
daily, studying scriptures,\
7:50\
attending church and seminary, pondering\
our patriarchal blessings,\
7:54\
worthily receiving ordinances, and\
honoring sacred covenants.\
7:58\
All of these invite the Spirit\
to enlighten our minds,\
8:02\
and they bring added peace\
and protection.\
8:05\
But do we honor them as sacred\
opportunities to testify of Christ?\
8:11\
I have attended the temple many times,\
8:13\
but when I worship in the house\
of the Lord, it changes me.\
8:17\
Sometimes fasting, I find myself\
simply going hungry.\
8:21\
But other times I feast on\
the Spirit with purpose.\
8:24\
I sometimes have mumbled prayers that\
are repetitive and routine,\
8:28\
but I have also come eager to receive\
counsel from the Lord through prayer.\
8:34\
There is power in making these holy\
habits less of a checklist and more of\
8:39\
a witness. The process will be gradual,\
8:42\
but will grow with daily\
active participation\
8:46\
and purposeful experiences with Christ.\
As we consistently act on His teachings,\
8:54\
we gain a testimony of Him.\
8:56\
We build a relationship with Him\
and our Heavenly Father.\
9:01\
We begin to become like Them.\
9:04\
The adversary creates so much noise\
that it can be difficult to hear\
9:09\
the Lord's voice. Our world,\
our challenges,\
9:12\
our circumstances will not get quieter.\
9:15\
But we can and must hunger\
and thirst after\
9:19\
the things of Christ to\
hear Him with clarity.\
9:22\
We’ll want to create muscle\
memory of discipleship\
9:26\
and testimony that will bring\
into focus our reliance\
9:29\
on our Savior each day. My father's\
been gone for 11 years now,\
9:36\
but his words are alive in me.\
9:40\
“Bonnie, never give up an opportunity\
to testify of Christ.”\
9:48\
I invite you to join me in\
accepting his invitation,\
9:53\
to look for Christ everywhere—\
9:56\
I promise He is there.\
10:00\
True joy rests on our willingness to\
come closer to Christ and witness\
10:07\
for ourselves. We know that\
in the last days,\
10:12\
every knee shall bow and\
every tongue confess.\
10:16\
That Jesus is the Christ. I pray this\
witness will become a natural\
10:23\
and normal experience for\
us now, that we will take\
10:29\
every opportunity to joyfully\
10:32\
testify “Jesus Christ lives!”\
10:38\
Oh, how I love Him.\
10:40\
How grateful we\
10:42\
are for His infinite Atonement, which\
has made eternal life a possibility\
10:48\
and immortality a reality for us all.\
10:51\
I testify of the Savior’s goodness\
and great glory. In His sacred\
10:56\
name, even Jesus Christ, amen.\
}