{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761\n\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}\n{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}\n{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}\n\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0\n\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\n\f0\fs24 \cf0 Transcript\n\n0:00\
Thank you, Elder Rasband.\
0:03\
Brothers and sisters, I feel\
joy as I respond to\
0:08\
an impression to speak to children.\
Girls and boys,\
0:14\
wherever you are in the world, I want\
to share something with you.\
0:20\
Our Heavenly Father loves you. You\
are His child. He knows you.\
0:28\
He wants to bless you. I pray with all\
my heart that you will feel His love.\
0:37\
Do you like to receive gifts?\
0:40\
I want to talk to you about\
0:42\
a very special gift that Heavenly\
Father has given to help you.\
0:48\
It is the gift of prayer. What\
a blessing prayer is.\
0:54\
We can talk to Heavenly Father anytime,\
anywhere.\
1:00\
When Jesus was on the earth,\
He taught us to pray.\
1:04\
He said, “Ask and ye shall receive.”\
What gifts can you pray for?\
1:13\
There are many, but\
today I want to share three.\
1:18\
Pray to know. Pray to grow.\
1:24\
And pray to show. Let's\
talk about each one.\
1:30\
First, pray to know. What\
do you need to know?\
1:37\
There is a song about prayer that\
Primary children sing all over\
1:42\
the world. It starts with a question.\
Do you know what that song is?\
1:48\
If I were really brave, I\
would sing it to you.\
1:55\
“Heavenly Father, are you really there?\
2:00\
And do you hear and answer\
every child’s prayer?”\
2:07\
How can you know that Heavenly Father\
is really there even when you can't\
2:11\
see Him? President Russell M. Nelson has\
invited you to “pour out your heart\
2:19\
to your Heavenly Father. ...\
And then listen!”\
2:24\
Listen to what you feel in your heart\
and thoughts that come to your mind.\
2:32\
Heavenly Father has a glorified\
body of flesh and bones,\
2:36\
and is the Father of your spirit.\
2:40\
Because Heavenly Father has all\
power and knows all things,\
2:45\
He can see all His children and can\
hear and answer every prayer.\
2:52\
You can come to know for yourself that\
He is there and that He loves you.\
3:00\
When you know that Heavenly Father\
is real and that He loves you,\
3:04\
you can live with courage and hope.\
“Pray he is there; speak,\
3:11\
he is listening.”\
Have you ever felt alone?\
3:17\
One day, when our granddaughter\
Ashley was six years old,\
3:22\
she was the only one without a friend to\
play with on the school playground.\
3:27\
As she stood there, feeling\
unimportant and unseen,\
3:32\
a specific thought came into her mind:\
3:37\
“Wait! I’m not alone. I have Christ!”\
3:47\
Ashley knelt down right in the middle\
of the playground, folded her arms,\
3:52\
and prayed to Heavenly Father.\
3:55\
The moment she opened her eyes,\
3:58\
a girl her age was standing there asking\
her if she wanted to play.\
4:05\
Ashley came to know we are important to\
the Lord, and we are never truly alone.\
4:15\
Sometimes you may want to know why\
something hard is happening in your\
4:19\
life, or why you didn't receive\
a blessing you prayed for.\
4:25\
Often, the best question to ask Heavenly\
Father is not why, but what?\
4:33\
Do you remember when Nephi\
4:35\
and his family were hungry while they\
were traveling in the wilderness?\
4:40\
When Nephi and his brothers went to hunt\
for food, Nephi broke his bow.\
4:47\
But he didn't ask why. Nephi made a new\
bow and asked his father, Lehi,\
4:54\
where he could go to get food.\
4:57\
Lehi prayed and the Lord showed\
them where Nephi could go.\
5:05\
Heavenly Father will guide you when\
you ask Him what you can do\
5:11\
and what you can learn.\
5:15\
Second.\
5:16\
Pray to grow. Heavenly Father\
wants to help you grow.\
5:22\
He loves us so much that\
He sent His Son,\
5:25\
Jesus Christ to show us the way to live.\
5:30\
Jesus suffered, died,\
and was resurrected\
5:34\
so we can be forgiven of our sins and\
grow to become more like Him.\
5:41\
Do you want to grow in patience\
or in honesty?\
5:46\
Do you want to grow in a skill? Maybe\
you are shy and want to grow in courage.\
5:54\
Pray, He is there. Through His Spirit,\
6:00\
your heart can change and you\
can receive strength.\
6:05\
My new friend Jonah wrote,\
6:09\
“I often feel nervous on my way\
to school in the morning.\
6:14\
I worry about things like being late,\
forgetting something, and taking tests.\
6:20\
When I was 10, I started\
saying prayers\
6:24\
on my drive to school with my mom.\
6:28\
I ask for the help I need, and\
I pray for my family too.\
6:33\
I also think of the things\
I'm grateful for.\
6:38\
Praying to Heavenly Father\
has helped me.\
6:42\
Sometimes I don't feel the relief\
right as I get out of the car,\
6:46\
but by the time I’m at my classroom,\
I feel peaceful.”\
6:53\
Jonah's faith is growing as he prays\
every day and then moves forward.\
7:03\
Third, pray to show. You can pray\
7:08\
for help to show Heavenly Father’s love\
to others. Through His Spirit,\
7:14\
Heavenly Father will help you\
notice someone who is sad\
7:19\
so you can comfort them. He can help you\
show His love by forgiving someone.\
7:27\
He can give you courage\
to serve someone\
7:30\
and share with them that they\
are a child of God.\
7:35\
You can help others come\
to know and love Jesus\
7:39\
and Heavenly Father as you do.\
7:44\
For my whole life. I prayed that\
my father would become\
7:50\
a member of The Church of Jesus\
Christ of Latter-day Saints.\
7:56\
Even as a young girl, I knew how many\
blessings he could receive.\
8:02\
Our family could receive the blessings\
of being sealed for eternity.\
8:08\
My family, friends, and I prayed often\
for him, but he didn’t join the Church.\
8:15\
Heavenly Father does not force\
anyone to make a choice.\
8:19\
He can send us answers to our\
prayers in other ways.\
8:25\
When I was old enough, I received\
my patriarchal blessing.\
8:29\
In the blessing, the patriarch\
told me the best thing\
8:34\
I could do to help my family be\
together in heaven was to be\
8:39\
an example of the gospel of Jesus\
Christ. That’s what I could do.\
8:47\
My father lived to be 86.\
8:51\
Five days after he died, I received\
a sacred feeling of joy.\
9:00\
Heavenly Father let me know through\
His Spirit that my father wanted to\
9:04\
receive the blessings of the\
gospel of Jesus Christ.\
9:10\
I will never forget the day I\
knelt around the altar in\
9:13\
the temple with my sister and brothers\
to be sealed to my parents.\
9:19\
I had started praying for this blessing\
when I was in Primary,\
9:24\
and I received it when\
I was a grandmother.\
9:30\
Perhaps you are praying for blessings\
for your family and others you love.\
9:35\
Don’t give up. Heavenly Father will\
show you what you can do.\
9:44\
Share with Heavenly Father\
what is in your heart.\
9:48\
As you sincerely ask for His help, you\
will receive His Spirit to guide you.\
9:55\
Praying every day will\
fill you with love\
9:58\
for Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ.\
10:01\
This will help you want to follow\
Them your whole life.\
10:08\
Imagine what would happen if all the\
children in Africa, South America,\
10:16\
Asia, Europe, North America, and\
Australia prayed every day.\
10:26\
The whole world would be blessed\
with more of God’s love!\
10:34\
I invite you to pray to know\
Heavenly Father is there,\
10:43\
pray to grow to become like Him,\
10:48\
and pray to show His love to others.\
10:55\
I know He lives and loves you. Pray,\
He is there.\
11:04\
In the sacred name of Jesus Christ,\
11:08\
amen.\
}