{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761\n\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}\n{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}\n{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}\n\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0\n\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\n\f0\fs24 \cf0 Transcript\n\n0:01\
It was a day filled with pointed and\
direct parables, complex questions,\
0:07\
and profound doctrine. After delivering\
0:10\
a scathing rebuke of those\
who were like\
0:12\
whited sepulchres, which indeed\
appear beautiful outward\
0:17\
but are within full of dead men's\
bones and of all uncleanness,\
0:22\
Jesus taught three more parables\
about spiritual preparedness\
0:26\
and discipleship. One of these was\
the parable of the ten virgins.\
0:32\
Then shall the Kingdom\
of Heaven be likened\
0:35\
unto ten virgins, which took their\
lamps and went forth to meet\
0:39\
the bridegroom, and five of them were\
wise and five were foolish.\
0:44\
They that were foolish took their\
lamps and took no oil with them.\
0:49\
But the wise took oil in their vessels\
with their lamps. While\
0:53\
the bridegroom tarried, they\
all slumbered and slept.\
0:57\
And at midnight there was a cry made,\
Behold the bridegroom cometh.\
1:02\
Go ye out to meet him. Then all those\
virgins arose and trimmed their lamps.\
1:08\
And the foolish said unto the wise,\
1:11\
Give us of your oil, for our\
lamps are gone out.\
1:15\
But the wise answered saying, not so,\
lest there be not enough for us\
1:20\
and you. But go ye rather to them that\
sell and buy for yourselves.\
1:26\
And while they went to buy,\
the bridegroom came\
1:29\
and they that were ready went\
in with him to the marriage and\
1:34\
the door was shut. Afterward came also\
the other virgins saying, Lord, Lord,\
1:40\
open to us. But he answered and said,\
Verily, I say unto you, Ye know me not.\
1:48\
Watch therefore, for ye know neither\
the day nor the hour wherein\
1:54\
the Son of Man cometh. President\
Dallin H. Oaks posed\
1:58\
the following thought-provoking\
questions in relation to the coming of\
2:02\
the bridegroom. What if the day\
of His coming were tomorrow?\
2:07\
If we knew that we would meet the Lord\
tomorrow through our premature death\
2:12\
or through His unexpected coming,\
What would we do today?\
2:17\
I have learned from personal experience\
that spiritual preparation for\
2:22\
the coming of the Lord is\
not only essential,\
2:26\
but the only way to find true\
peace and happiness.\
2:30\
It was a crisp fall day when I first\
heard the words, “You have cancer.”\
2:36\
My husband and I were stunned.\
As we drove home in silence,\
2:40\
processing the news, my heart\
turned to our three sons.\
2:45\
In my mind, I asked Heavenly Father,\
Am I going to die?\
2:50\
The Holy Ghost whispered, Everything\
is going to be okay.\
2:55\
Then I asked, Am I going to live? Again\
2:59\
the answer came, Everything is going\
to be okay. I was confused.\
3:06\
Why did I receive the exact same\
answer whether I lived or died?\
3:11\
Then suddenly, every fiber of my being\
filled with absolute peace.\
3:16\
As I was reminded, we did\
not need to hurry home\
3:20\
and teach our children how to pray.\
3:22\
They knew how to receive answers\
and comfort from prayer.\
3:26\
We did not need to hurry home and\
teach them about the scriptures\
3:30\
or words of living prophets.\
3:32\
Those words were already a familiar\
source of strength and understanding.\
3:38\
We did not need to hurry home and\
teach them about repentance,\
3:42\
the Resurrection, the Restoration, the\
plan of salvation, eternal families,\
3:48\
or the very doctrine of Jesus Christ.\
3:52\
In that moment, every family home\
evening lesson, scripture study\
3:57\
session, prayer of faith offered,\
4:00\
blessing given, testimony shared,\
covenant made\
4:04\
and kept, House of the Lord attended,\
and Sabbath day observed mattered.\
4:11\
Oh, how it mattered! It was too\
late to put oil in our lamps.\
4:17\
We needed every single drop\
and we needed it right now.\
4:23\
Because of Jesus Christ and\
His restored gospel,\
4:28\
if I died, my family would be comforted,\
strengthened, and one day restored.\
4:36\
If I lived, I would have access\
to the greatest power\
4:41\
on this earth to help succor,\
sustain, and heal me.\
4:46\
In the end, because of Jesus Christ,\
everything can be okay.\
4:54\
We learn from a careful study of\
the Doctrine and Covenants\
4:57\
what okay looks like: “And\
5:00\
that day when I shall come in my glory\
shall the parable be fulfilled\
5:04\
which I spake concerning\
the ten virgins:\
5:07\
for they that are wise and have received\
the truth and have taken\
5:11\
the Holy Spirit for their guide\
and have not been deceived,\
5:16\
verily, I say unto you, they shall not\
be hewn down and cast into the fire,\
5:22\
but shall abide the day.” Jesus Christ\
makes it possible for us to abide\
5:28\
the day. Abiding the day\
does not mean adding to\
5:31\
an ever-increasing to-do list.\
Think of a magnifying glass.\
5:36\
Its sole purpose is not simply\
to make things appear bigger.\
5:41\
It can also gather and focus light\
to make it more powerful.\
5:47\
We need to simplify, focus our\
efforts, and be gatherers of\
5:53\
the light of Jesus Christ. We need more\
holy and revelatory experiences.\
6:01\
Located in northwestern Israel is\
a beautiful mountain range,\
6:05\
often referred to as the\
Evergreen Mountain.\
6:08\
Mount Carmel stays green year round\
largely in part to tiny amounts of dew.\
6:14\
Nourishment happens daily.\
Like the dews of Carmel,\
6:20\
as we seek to nourish our souls with\
things pertaining to righteousness,\
6:25\
small and simple things,\
our testimonies and\
6:30\
the testimonies of our\
children will live.\
6:35\
Now, you may be thinking, But Sister\
Wright, you do not know my family.\
6:41\
We are really struggling and do\
not look anything like this.\
6:46\
You are correct. I do not know your\
family, but a God with infinite love,\
6:52\
mercy, power, knowledge, and glory\
6:56\
does. The questions you may be\
asking are questions of\
7:00\
the heart that ache in the\
depths of your soul.\
7:03\
Similar questions are found\
in the holy scriptures.\
7:07\
Master, carest thou not that my family\
perish? Where is now my hope?\
7:15\
What shall I do that this cloud\
of darkness may be removed from\
7:19\
overshadowing me? Where\
shall wisdom be found?\
7:23\
And where is the place of\
understanding?\
7:27\
How is it possible that I can lay\
hold upon every good thing?\
7:32\
Lord, what wilt thou have me to do?\
7:37\
And then ever so sweetly come\
the answers: Believest thou in\
7:42\
the power of Christ unto salvation? Hath\
7:46\
the Lord commanded any that they should\
not partake of His goodness?\
7:51\
Believe ye that He is able to do this?\
Believest thou the prophets?\
7:58\
Do you exercise faith in the redemption\
of Him who created you?\
8:02\
Shall not the judge of all\
the earth do right?\
8:07\
My dear friends, we cannot share our\
oil, but we can share His light.\
8:13\
Oil in our lamps will not only\
help us abide the day,\
8:17\
but can also be the means\
of illuminating\
8:20\
the path that leads those we love to\
8:22\
the Savior, who stands ready with\
open arms to receive them.\
8:28\
Thus, saith the Lord, refrain thy voice\
from weeping and thine eyes from tears,\
8:33\
for thy works shall be rewarded.\
8:36\
And they shall come again from\
the land of the enemy.\
8:40\
And there is hope in thine end,\
8:42\
saith the Lord, that thy children shall\
come again to their own border.\
8:49\
Jesus Christ is the hope in thine end.\
8:53\
Nothing we have or have not done is\
beyond the reach of his infinite\
8:59\
and eternal sacrifice. He is\
the reason why it is never\
9:05\
the end of our story. Therefore,\
9:08\
we must press forward with a\
steadfastness in Christ,\
9:12\
having a perfect brightness of hope and\
a love of God and of all men.\
9:18\
Wherefore, if we shall press forward,\
9:21\
feasting upon the word of Christ,\
and endure to the end, behold,\
9:27\
thus saith the Father, we\
shall have eternal life.\
9:32\
Eternal life is eternal joy.\
9:34\
Joy in this life right now—not despite\
the challenges of our day,\
9:40\
but because of the Lord’s help to learn\
from and ultimately overcome them—\
9:45\
and immeasurable joy in\
the life to come.\
9:49\
Tears will dry up. Broken hearts will be\
mended. What is lost shall be found.\
9:56\
Concern shall be resolved. Families\
will be restored.\
10:01\
And all that the Father\
hath will be ours.\
10:04\
Look to Jesus Christ and live is\
my testimony in the sacred\
10:10\
and holy name of the beloved Shepherd\
and Bishop of our souls, Jesus Christ,\
10:16\
amen.\
}