{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761\n\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}\n{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}\n{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}\n\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0\n\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\n\f0\fs24 \cf0 Transcript\n\n0:01\
Isn’t it wonderful to sing with a\
choir such a joyful song.\
0:08\
We all together with the\
Tabernacle Choir,\
0:10\
my wife and I are always looking\
forward to that.\
0:15\
President Ballard, we love you.\
0:18\
You don’t have 20/20 eye sight anymore,\
0:23\
but you have 20/20 spiritual vision.\
0:32\
It has been called by some the greatest\
short story ever told.\
0:40\
Translated into thousands of\
languages across the world,\
0:45\
it is quite possible that during\
the past two millennia\
0:49\
the sun has not set without this story\
being referenced somewhere in\
0:55\
the world. It was told by Jesus Christ,\
0:59\
our Savior and Redeemer, who came to\
earth to save that which was lost.\
1:05\
He begins with these simple words:\
“A certain man had two sons.”\
1:12\
Immediately we learn of a\
heartbreaking conflict.\
1:15\
One son tells his father he is through\
with life at home. He wants his freedom.\
1:21\
He wants to leave behind the culture\
and teachings of his parents.\
1:26\
He asks for his share of\
the inheritance now.\
1:33\
Can you imagine what the father\
felt when he heard this?\
1:37\
When he realized that what his son\
wanted more than anything else was to\
1:42\
leave the family and perhaps\
never return.\
1:48\
The son must have felt a thrill\
of adventure and excitement.\
1:51\
At long last he was on his own,\
1:54\
free from the principles and rules\
of the culture of his youth.\
1:58\
He could finally make his own choices\
without being influenced by his parents.\
2:03\
No more guilt. He could bask\
in the acceptance of\
2:09\
a like-minded community and\
live life on his own terms.\
2:16\
Arriving in a faraway country,\
2:18\
he quickly made new friends\
and began living\
2:21\
the life he had always dreamed of.\
He must have been\
2:26\
a favorite of many, for\
he spent money freely.\
2:31\
His new friends, beneficiaries of his\
prodigality, did not judge him.\
2:36\
They celebrated, applauded, and\
championed his choices.\
2:40\
Had there been social\
media at that time,\
2:42\
surely he would have filled pages with\
animated photos of laughing friends,\
2:47\
hashtag living my best life,\
or hashtag never happier,\
2:53\
or hashtag should have\
done this long ago.\
3:00\
But the party did not last. It rarely\
does. Two things happened.\
3:07\
First, he ran out of money. And second,\
a famine swept through the land.\
3:14\
As the problems worsened, he panicked.\
3:17\
The once unstoppable, jubilant high\
roller now could not afford\
3:22\
a single meal, let alone a place\
to stay. How would he survive?\
3:31\
He had been generous to his friends.\
Would they help him now?\
3:36\
I can see him asking for a little\
support—just for now—until he got back\
3:41\
on his feet. The scriptures tell\
us, “No man gave unto him.”\
3:50\
Desperate to remain alive,\
3:52\
he found a local farmer who hired him\
to feed swine. Extremely hungry\
3:58\
now, abandoned and alone,\
4:03\
the young man must have wondered how\
things could have gone so terribly,\
4:08\
dreadfully wrong. It wasn't just an\
empty stomach that troubled him.\
4:15\
It was an empty soul. He had been\
4:20\
so sure that giving in to his worldly\
desires would make him happy,\
4:27\
that more laws were obstacles to that\
happiness. Now he knew better.\
4:34\
Oh, and what a price he had\
to pay for that knowledge. As\
4:43\
the physical and spiritual hunger grew,\
his thoughts returned to his father.\
4:48\
Would he help him after\
all that had happened?\
4:52\
Even the humblest of his father’s\
servants had food to eat\
4:56\
and shelter from the storms.\
4:58\
But to return to his father?\
5:00\
Never. Confess to his village that he\
had squandered his inheritance?\
5:07\
Impossible. Face the neighbors\
5:10\
who surely had warned him that\
he was disgracing his family\
5:16\
and breaking his parents’ hearts? Now\
5:22\
return to his old friends after\
boasting of how he was breaking free?\
5:29\
Unbearable. But the hunger, loneliness,\
and remorse simply wouldn’t go away.\
5:34\
Until he came to himself. He\
knew what he needed to do.\
5:43\
Now let us go back to the father. The\
broken-hearted master of the house.\
5:50\
How many hundreds, perhaps thousands, of\
hours had he spent worrying about\
5:54\
his son? How many times had he looked\
down the very road his son had taken\
5:59\
and relived the penetrating loss he\
had felt as his son walked away?\
6:07\
How many prayers had he offered\
of the gospel in\
6:11\
the deep night pleading with God\
that his son would be safe?\
6:20\
That he would discover truth?\
That he would return?\
6:26\
And then one day, the father looked\
out on the lonely road—\
6:32\
the road that leads home—and sees a\
distant figure walking towards him.\
6:38\
Is it possible? Though the individual\
is a great way off,\
6:43\
the father knows in an instant\
it is his son.\
6:47\
He runs to him, throw his arms\
around him, and kisses him.\
6:51\
“Father,” the son cries out in words he\
must have rehearsed a thousand times.\
6:59\
“I have sinned against\
both heaven and you.\
7:03\
I am no longer worthy to\
be called your son.\
7:06\
All I ask is that you take\
me in as a hired servant.”\
7:12\
But the father scarcely lets him finish.\
Tears in his eyes,\
7:16\
he commands his servants,\
7:19\
“Bring the finest robe in the house and\
place it on my son’s shoulders,\
7:23\
put a ring on his finger, and sandals\
on his feet. Make a feast to celebrate.\
7:28\
My son has returned!” In my office hangs\
a painting of the German\
7:37\
artist Richard Burde. Harriet\
and I love this painting.\
7:44\
It depicts one tender scene from\
the Savior's parable in\
7:48\
a deeper perspective. While everyone\
is overjoyed at the son’s return,\
7:56\
one is not—his older brother. He’s\
carrying some emotional baggage.\
8:04\
He had been there when his brother\
demanded his inheritance.\
8:08\
He had witnessed firsthand the massive\
weight of grief on his father\
8:12\
ever since his brother had left.\
8:14\
He had tried to lift his father’s\
burden every day.\
8:17\
He had worked to restore his father’s\
broken heart. And now,\
8:23\
the reckless child is back.\
8:27\
And people couldn't stop lavishing\
attention on his rebellious brother.\
8:34\
“All these years,” he tells his father,\
8:36\
“never once have I refused to\
do a single thing you asked.\
8:40\
Yet in all the time, you\
never celebrated me.”\
8:46\
The loving father responds, “My dear\
son, all that I have is yours.\
8:54\
This is not about comparing rewards or\
celebrations. This is about healing.\
9:01\
This is a moment we have been\
hoping for all these years. Your\
9:05\
brother was dead and is alive again.\
He was lost, but now he is found.”\
9:17\
My dear beloved brothers and sisters,\
my dear friends,\
9:22\
like all of the Savior’s parables,\
9:25\
this one is not just about\
people living long ago.\
9:29\
It's about you and me today.\
9:33\
Who among us has never departed\
from the path of holiness,\
9:37\
foolishly thinking we could find more\
happiness going our own self-centered\
9:44\
way? Who among us has not felt humbled,\
9:47\
broken-hearted, and desperate for\
forgiveness and mercy? Perhaps\
9:54\
some may even have wondered,\
“Is it even possible to go back?”\
10:02\
“Will I be labeled forever, rejected,\
and avoided by my former friends?”\
10:09\
“Is it better to just stay lost?”\
10:14\
“How will God react if I try to return?”\
This parable gives us the answer.\
10:22\
Our Heavenly Father will run to us,\
10:24\
His heart overflowing with\
love and compassion.\
10:27\
He will embrace us, place a robe around\
our shoulders, a ring on our fingers,\
10:32\
sandals on our feet, and proclaim,\
“Today we celebrate! For my child, who\
10:42\
once was dead, has come back to life!”\
10:48\
Brothers and sisters, heaven\
will rejoice at our return.\
10:54\
May I take a moment now and\
speak to you individually?\
10:59\
No matter what may have\
happened in your life,\
11:02\
I echo and proclaim the words\
of my beloved friend\
11:07\
and fellow apostle, Elder\
Jeffrey R. Holland, quote,\
11:14\
“It is not possible for you\
to sink lower than\
11:18\
the infinite light of Christ’s atoning\
sacrifice shines.”\
11:26\
Though choices may have taken you far\
away from the Savior and His Church,\
11:31\
the Master Healer stands at the road\
that leads home welcoming you.\
11:37\
And we, as members of the\
Church of Jesus Christ,\
11:41\
seek to follow His example and embrace\
you as our brothers and sisters,\
11:48\
as your friends. We rejoice\
and celebrate with you.\
11:53\
Your return will not diminish\
the blessings of others,\
11:56\
for the Father’s bounty is infinite,\
12:00\
and what is given to one does not\
in the slightest diminish\
12:05\
the birthright of others.\
12:08\
I do not pretend that coming back\
is an easy thing to do.\
12:12\
I can testify of that. It may in fact,\
12:17\
be the toughest choice\
you will ever make.\
12:20\
But I bear witness that the moment\
you decide to return and walk in\
12:24\
the way of our Savior and Redeemer,\
12:27\
His power will enter your\
life and transform it.\
12:33\
Angels in heaven will rejoice. And so\
will we, your family in Christ.\
12:40\
After all, we know what it's\
like to be a prodigal.\
12:44\
We all rely daily on the same\
atoning power of Christ.\
12:50\
We know this path and we will\
walk with you. No,\
12:55\
our path will not be free from grief,\
sorrow, or sadness.\
12:59\
But we came this far “by the word of\
Christ with unshaken faith in him,\
13:06\
relying wholly on the merits of\
him who is mighty to save.”\
13:12\
And together we will “press forward\
with a steadfastness in Christ,\
13:19\
having a perfect brightness of hope and\
the love of God and of all [people].”\
13:26\
Together, we will “rejoice with you\
and rejoice in unspeakable joy\
13:35\
and full of glory.” For Jesus\
Christ is our strength!\
13:43\
It is my prayer that each one of us\
may hear in this profound parable\
13:49\
the Father’s voice calling us to\
enter the road that leads home.\
13:55\
That we may have the courage to repent,\
receive forgiveness,\
14:00\
and follow the path that leads back to\
our compassionate and merciful God.\
14:08\
Of this, I bear witness and leave you my\
blessing in the name of Jesus Christ,\
14:14\
amen.\
}