{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761\n\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}\n{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}\n{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}\n\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0\n\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\n\f0\fs24 \cf0 Transcript\n\n0:01\
Do you recall the experience\
0:03\
the prophet Samuel had when the Lord\
sent him to Jesse’s house to anoint\
0:09\
the new King of Israel? Samuel\
saw Eliab, Jesse's firstborn.\
0:14\
Eliab, it seems, was tall and had\
the appearance of a leader.\
0:18\
Samuel saw that and jumped\
to a conclusion.\
0:21\
It turned out to be the\
wrong conclusion,\
0:22\
and the Lord taught Samuel: “Look\
not on his countenance, or on\
0:26\
the height of his stature; ... for man\
looketh on the outward appearance,\
0:30\
but the Lord looketh on the heart.”\
0:33\
Do you recall the experience the\
disciple Ananias had when\
0:36\
the Lord sent him to bless Saul?\
Saul’s reputation preceded him,\
0:41\
and Ananias had heard about\
Saul and his cruel,\
0:44\
relentless persecution of the Saints.\
0:46\
Ananias heard and jumped to\
0:48\
a conclusion that perhaps he should\
not minister to Saul. It\
0:51\
turned out to be the wrong conclusion,\
and the Lord taught Ananias:\
0:56\
“He is a chosen vessel unto me, to bear\
my name before the Gentiles, and kings,\
1:01\
and the children of Israel.”\
1:03\
What was the trouble with Samuel and\
Ananias in these two instances?\
1:08\
They saw with their eyes and\
heard with their ears,\
1:11\
and as a result, they passed judgment\
on others based on appearance\
1:15\
and hearsay. When the scribes\
and the Pharisees saw\
1:19\
the woman taken in adultery,\
what did they see?\
1:22\
A depraved woman, a sinner\
worthy of death.\
1:26\
When Jesus saw her, what did He see?\
1:30\
A woman who had temporarily succumbed\
to the weakness of the flesh\
1:33\
but could be reclaimed through\
repentance and His Atonement.\
1:37\
When people saw the centurion whose\
servant was sick with palsy,\
1:41\
what did they see? Perhaps\
they saw an intruder,\
1:45\
a foreigner, one to be despised. When\
Jesus saw him, what did He see?\
1:51\
A man concerned for the welfare of a\
member of his household who sought\
1:55\
the Lord in candor and faith.\
1:57\
When people saw the woman with an issue\
of blood, what did they see?\
2:02\
Perhaps an unclean woman, an\
outcast to be shunned.\
2:07\
When Jesus saw her, what did He see?\
2:10\
A sickly woman, lonely and alienated\
due to circumstances she did not\
2:15\
control, who hoped to be healed\
and to belong again.\
2:19\
In every case, the Lord saw these\
individuals for who they were\
2:24\
and accordingly ministered to each one.\
As Nephi and his brother Jacob declared,\
2:30\
“he inviteth them all to come into him\
..., black and white, bond and free,\
2:35\
male and female; and he remembereth the\
heathen, and all are alike unto God.”\
2:41\
The one being is as precious\
in His sight as the other.\
2:46\
May we likewise not let our eyes, our\
ears, or our fears mislead us,\
2:52\
but open our hearts and minds and\
minister freely to those around us\
2:56\
as He did.\
Some years ago,\
2:59\
my wife, Isabelle, received an unusual\
ministering assignment.\
3:02\
She was asked to visit an elderly\
widow in our ward,\
3:05\
a sister with health challenges\
3:07\
and whose loneliness had brought\
bitterness into her life.\
3:10\
Her curtains were drawn. Her\
apartment was stuffy.\
3:14\
She did not want to be visited and made\
it clear that “there is nothing I\
3:18\
can do for anyone.” Undeterred, Isabelle\
responded, “Yes, there is.\
3:23\
You can do something for us by allowing\
us to come and visit you.”\
3:28\
And so Isabelle went faithfully.\
3:31\
Sometime later, this good sister\
had surgery on her feet,\
3:34\
which required her bandages\
to be changed every day,\
3:37\
something she could not do for herself.\
3:40\
For days, Isabelle went to her home,\
3:42\
washed her feet, and changed her\
bandages. She never saw ugliness.\
3:48\
She never smelled stench.\
3:50\
She only ever saw a beautiful daughter\
of God in need of love and tender care.\
3:56\
Over the years, I and countless others\
have been blessed by Isabelle’s gift\
3:59\
to see as the Lord sees. Whether\
you are the stake president or\
4:04\
the ward greeter; whether you’re the\
King of England or live in a shack;\
4:08\
whether you speak a language\
or a different one;\
4:10\
whether you keep all the commandments\
or struggle with some,\
4:13\
she will serve you her very best\
meal on her very best plates.\
4:17\
Economic status, skin color, cultural\
background, nationality,\
4:22\
degree of righteousness,\
social standing,\
4:25\
or any other identifier or label\
are of no consequence to her.\
4:29\
She sees with her heart. She sees\
the child of God in everyone.\
4:33\
President Nelson has taught: “The\
adversary rejoices in labels\
4:38\
because they divide us and restrict\
the way we think about ourselves\
4:41\
and each other. How sad it is when we\
honor labels more than we honor each\
4:46\
other. Labels can lead to\
judging and animosity.\
4:49\
Any abuse or prejudice toward another\
because of nationality, race,\
4:54\
sexual orientation, gender,\
educational degrees,\
4:57\
culture, or other significant\
identifiers is offensive to our Maker.”\
5:03\
French is not who I am. It is where\
I was born. White is not who I am.\
5:09\
It is the color of my skin—or lack\
thereof. Professor is not who I am.\
5:14\
It is what I did to support my family.\
General Authority Seventy is not who I\
5:18\
am. It is where I serve in the\
Kingdom at this time.\
5:21\
First and foremost, as President Nelson\
reminded us, I am a child of God.\
5:26\
So are you, and so are all\
other people around us.\
5:29\
I pray that we may come to\
5:31\
a greater appreciation of this wonderful\
truth. It changes everything.\
5:35\
We may have been raised\
in different cultures.\
5:37\
We may come from different socioeconomic\
circumstances.\
5:40\
Our mortal heritage, including\
our nationality, skin color,\
5:44\
food preferences, political orientation.\
etcetera.,\
5:46\
may vary greatly, but we are His\
children—all of us, without exception.\
5:51\
We have the same divine origin and the\
same limitless potential through\
5:55\
the grace of Jesus Christ.\
5:57\
C.S. Lewis put it this way: “It is\
a serious thing to live in\
6:01\
a society of possible\
gods and goddesses,\
6:03\
to remember that the dullest,\
6:05\
most uninteresting person you\
can talk to may one day be\
6:08\
a creature which, if you saw it now, you\
would be strongly tempted to worship.\
6:13\
... There are no ordinary people. You\
have never talked to a mere mortal.\
6:17\
Nations, cultures, art, civilizations—\
6:20\
these are mortal and their life is\
to ours as the life of a gnat.\
6:23\
But it is immortals whom we joke with,\
work with, marry, snub, and exploit.”\
6:30\
Our family has been privileged to live\
in different countries and cultures.\
6:34\
Our children have been blessed to marry\
within different ethnicities.\
6:38\
I have come to realize that the gospel\
of Jesus Christ is the great equalizer.\
6:44\
As we truly embrace it, “the Spirit\
itself bears witness with our spirit\
6:48\
that we are the children of God.”\
6:51\
This amazing truth frees\
us and all labels\
6:54\
and distinctions that may\
otherwise afflict us\
6:56\
and our relationship to each other are\
simply “swallowed up in ... Christ.”\
7:00\
It soon becomes clear that we,\
as well as others,\
7:04\
are “no more strangers and foreigners,\
but fellow citizens with the saints\
7:08\
and of the household of God.”\
7:10\
I recently heard the branch president\
of one of our multicultural language\
7:13\
units refer to this as Elder Gerrit W.\
Gong has done as “covenant belonging.”\
7:19\
What a beautiful concept!\
7:21\
We belong to a group of people who\
all try to place the Savior\
7:24\
and their covenants at the center\
of their lives and to live\
7:27\
the gospel joyfully. Hence,\
7:30\
rather than seeing each other through\
the distorted lens of mortality,\
7:33\
the gospel raises our sights and allows\
us to see each other through\
7:37\
the flawless, unchanging lens\
of our sacred covenants.\
7:40\
In so doing, we begin to eliminate\
our own natural prejudices\
7:44\
and biases towards others,\
7:46\
which in turn helps them minimize their\
prejudices and biases towards us in\
7:51\
a wonderful, virtuous cycle. Indeed, we\
follow our dear prophet’s invitation:\
7:56\
“My dear brothers and sisters, how we\
treat each other really matters!\
8:01\
How we speak to and about others\
8:03\
at home, at church, at work,\
and online really matters.\
8:08\
Today I am asking us to interact with\
others in a higher, holier way.”\
8:13\
This afternoon, in the spirit\
of that invitation,\
8:16\
I wish to add my pledge to that of\
our wonderful Primary children:\
8:20\
“If you don’t walk as most people do,\
some people walk away from you.\
8:25\
But I won’t. I won’t. If you don’t talk\
as most people do,\
8:29\
some people talk and laugh at you. But\
I won’t. I won’t. I’ll walk with you.\
8:34\
I'll talk with you. That's how\
I'll show my love for you.\
8:38\
Jesus walked away from none. He gave\
his love to everyone. So I will.\
8:42\
I will.” I testify that\
He whom we address\
8:46\
as our Father in Heaven is indeed\
our Father. That He loves us.\
8:51\
That He knows each of His children\
intimately. That He cares\
8:55\
deeply about each one and that we\
are truly all alike unto Him.\
8:59\
I testify that the way we\
treat each other is\
9:03\
a direct reflection of our understanding\
of and appreciation\
9:07\
for the ultimate sacrifice and Atonement\
of His Son, our Savior,\
9:11\
Jesus Christ. I pray that like Him,\
9:14\
we may love others because that\
is the right thing to do,\
9:18\
not because they are doing the right\
thing or fitting the right mold. In\
9:22\
the name of Jesus Christ, amen.\
}