{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761\n\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}\n{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}\n{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}\n\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0\n\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0\n\f0\fs24 \cf0 Transcript\n\n0:01\
I will always be grateful for\
my assignments in the Church\
0:05\
that have taken me to live\
in different countries.\
0:09\
We found in each one of these\
countries a great diversity\
0:13\
and extraordinary people with different\
customs and traditions.\
0:19\
We all have customs and traditions that\
are personal, from our family, or come\
0:25\
from the community in which we live,\
0:27\
and we hope to keep all those that\
align with the principles of\
0:32\
the gospel. Edifying customs\
0:35\
and traditions are fundamental to our\
efforts to stay on the covenant path,\
0:42\
and those that are an obstacle,\
we ought to reject.\
0:48\
A custom is the practice or the\
frequent or habitual way of thinking\
0:54\
for a person, culture, or tradition.\
0:57\
Frequently, the things we think and\
do in a habitual way we recognize\
1:03\
as “normal.” Allow me to illustrate\
this. Patricia,\
1:10\
my beloved wife, loves to drink\
coconut water and then to eat\
1:16\
the coconut. During our first\
visit to Puebla, Mexico,\
1:21\
we went to a place where we bought a\
coconut. After drinking the water,\
1:28\
my wife asked them to cut the coconut\
and bring her the flesh to eat.\
1:34\
When it came, it was reddish. They\
had to sprinkled it with chili.\
1:42\
Sweet coconut with chili! That\
seemed so strange to us.\
1:50\
But later, we learned that the strange\
ones were my wife and\
1:54\
I who did not eat coconuts with chili.\
In Mexico, however, it is not rare.\
2:02\
It's very normal. On another occasion,\
2:06\
we were eating in Brazil with some\
friends, and they served us avocado.\
2:14\
Just as we were about to\
sprinkle salt on it,\
2:19\
our friend said to us,\
“What are you doing?\
2:23\
We already put sugar on the avocado.”\
Avocado with sugar?\
2:30\
That seemed so odd to us. But then we\
learned that the odd ones were my wife\
2:37\
and I, who do not eat\
avocado with sugar.\
2:41\
But in Brazil, avocado sprinkled\
with sugar is normal.\
2:47\
What is normal for some\
may be odd for others,\
2:51\
depending on their customs\
and traditions.\
2:55\
Which customs and traditions\
are normal in our lives?\
3:00\
President Nelson has said: “Today, we\
often hear about ‘a new normal.’\
3:08\
If you really want to embrace a new\
normal, I invite you to turn your heart,\
3:15\
mind, and soul increasingly to our\
Heavenly Father and His Son,\
3:21\
Jesus Christ. Let that be your new\
normal.” This invitation is for all.\
3:30\
It does not matter whether\
we are poor or rich,\
3:34\
educated or uneducated, old or young,\
sick or healthy.\
3:39\
He invites us to let the normal things\
in our lives be those which keep us\
3:46\
on the covenant path. No country\
3:51\
contains the totality of what is good or\
admirable. Therefore, as Paul taught,\
4:00\
“if there is anything virtuous, lovely,\
or of good report or praiseworthy,\
4:06\
we seek after these things.” “If there\
be any praise, think on these things.”\
4:14\
Note that this is an exhortation,\
not merely a commentary.\
4:21\
I would like all of us to take a moment\
to meditate on our customs\
4:27\
and the way they are influencing\
our families.\
4:32\
Among the marvelous habits that should\
be normal for members of the Church\
4:39\
are these four. First, personal and\
family study of the scriptures.\
4:48\
To become converted\
to the Lord Jesus Christ,\
4:51\
each person is responsible\
for learning the gospel.\
4:56\
Parents are responsible for teaching\
the gospel to their children.\
5:03\
Second, personal and family prayer. The\
Savior commands us to pray always.\
5:11\
Prayer allows us to communicate\
personally with our Heavenly Father in\
5:17\
the name of His Son. Jesus Christ.\
Third, attend Sacrament meeting weekly.\
5:25\
We do so to remember Jesus Christ\
as we take the sacrament.\
5:30\
In this ordinance, the members of\
5:33\
the Church renew their covenant of\
taking upon themselves the name of\
5:38\
the Savior, of always remembering Him,\
and of keeping His commandments.\
5:44\
And fourth, participate frequently in\
temple work and in doing family history.\
5:52\
This work is the means of uniting and\
sealing families for eternity.\
5:59\
How do we feel when we hear\
these four things?\
6:03\
Are they part of our normal lives?\
6:07\
There are many other traditions\
that could be part of\
6:10\
the normality we have adopted, thus\
letting God prevail in our lives.\
6:16\
How can we determine what will be\
the normal things in our lives\
6:21\
and in our family? In the scriptures,\
we find a great model in Mosiah 5:15.\
6:30\
It says, “I would that ye should\
be steadfast and immovable,\
6:36\
always abounding in good works.”\
6:40\
I love these words because we know that\
6:44\
the things that become normal in our\
lives are those that we repeat again\
6:51\
and again. If we are steadfast\
and immovable in doing good,\
6:56\
our customs will be in accordance with\
the principle of the gospel,\
7:01\
and they will help us to stay\
on the covenant path.\
7:06\
President Nelson has also counseled,\
7:10\
“Embrace your new normal\
by repenting daily.\
7:15\
Seek to be increasingly pure in thought,\
word, and deed. Minister to others.\
7:23\
Keep an eternal perspective.\
7:26\
Magnify your callings. And\
whatever your challenges,\
7:30\
my dear brothers and sisters,\
live each day\
7:34\
so that you are more prepared\
to meet your Maker.”\
7:40\
Now it is not odd for either\
my wife, Patricia,\
7:45\
or for me to eat coconut with chili\
and avocado with sugar.\
7:50\
In fact, we like it. However,\
7:55\
exaltation is something much more\
transcendental than a sense of taste;\
8:02\
it is a topic related to eternity. I\
8:06\
pray that our normality may allow us to\
experience that state of “never-ending\
8:13\
happiness” that is promised to those\
who keep the commandments of God\
8:20\
and while doing so, we\
may be able to say,\
8:24\
“And it came to pass that we lived\
after the manner of happiness.”\
8:31\
My dear brothers and sisters, I testify\
8:36\
of the 15 men whom we sustain as\
prophets, seers, and revelators,\
8:44\
including our beloved prophet\
President Russell M. Nelson.\
8:50\
I testify that The Church of Jesus\
Christ of Latter-day Saints is true.\
8:59\
I especially testify\
9:02\
of Jesus Christ, our Savior\
and Redeemer.\
9:07\
In the name of Jesus Christ, amen.\
}